Hi there, Im Dr. Beller. Would you mind confirming your name and date of birth before we get started? Kevin Bacon, July 8th, 1958. Thank you Mr. Bacon. What brings you to the clinic today? Ive been having this horrible cough that just wont go away. Im sorry to hear that. When did this cough start? About a week ago. Its really starting to get annoying. I see, and were you doing anything when the cough first started? No, not really. I was just at work and noticed a tickle in the back of my throat then I started coughing and havent stopped since. Ok and is your cough consistent throughout the day or does it seem to come and go? No I would say its consistent throughout the day. From the moment I get out of bed in the morning I start coughing. Does anything seem to make your cough better or worse? I did notice that when I was on my morning run the other day, I began to cough really badly and I had to stop. Ok so exercise makes it worse. Does anything make it better? No, not really. Ok, and is this cough dry or are you coughing up mucus? Yeah, every now and then Ill cough up some mucus. Ok. Any pain or tightness in your chest? Yeah I guess I do feel some tightness in my chest before I cough, but no pain really.  Alright. And have you been wheezing at all? Yes actually Ive noticed that when I lay down to go to bed at night, I start wheezing. Got it. And have you felt short of breath, recently? No I wouldnt say shortness of breath, just that occasional tightness in my chest. Any kind of fevers, headache, or chills? Not that Ive noticed. Any fatigue or unintentional weight loss?  Nope. Ok. Any swelling or lumps around your neck or throat? No. Any recent infections or illnesses? No, Id say Ive been in good health lately. Thats good to hear. Have you ever had a cough like this in the past? Hmm… Yeah, I guess when I was a kid I had asthma and Id get coughs like this one every now and then but I havent had it like this in years. Ok and did you receive any kind of treatment? Yes I saw a pulmonologist who gave me some steroids but I was told I could stop taking them so I did.  I see. Let me go ahead and perform a physical exam. 

