You're not asking me this, but if there are really young people, I'll get all my stuff into your stop, and I was like, you've always seen. Hi there, I'm Dr. Bella. Would you mind confirming your name and date of birth before we get started? 

Kevin Bacon, July 8th, 1958.

Thank you, Mr. Bacon. What brings you into the clinic today?

I have been having this horrible cough that just won't go away.

I'm sorry to hear that. When did this cough start?

About a week ago; it really started to get annoying.

I see. Were you doing anything when the cough first started?

No, not really. I was just at work and noticed a tickle in the back of my throat. Then I started coughing and haven't stopped since.

Okay, is your cough consistent throughout the day, or does it seem to come and go?

No, I would say it's consistent throughout the day. From the moment I get out of bed in the morning, I start coughing and don’t stop.

Does anything seem to make your cough better or worse?

I did notice that when I was on my morning run the other day, I began coughing really badly and had to stop.

Okay, so exercise makes it worse. Does anything make it better?

No, not really.

Is this cough dry or are you coughing up mucus?

Yeah, every now and then I would cough up some mucus.

Okay. Any pain or tightness in your chest?

Yeah, I guess I do feel some tightness in my chest before I cough, but no real pain.

All right. Have you been wheezing at all?

Yes, actually I have noticed that when I lay down to go to bed at night, I start wheezing.

Got it. Have you felt short of breath recently?

No, I wouldn't say short of breath, just the occasional tightness in my chest.

Any kind of fever, headache, or chills?

No, not that I've noticed.

Any fatigue or unintentional weight loss?

Nope.

Okay. Any swelling or lumps around your neck or throat?

Nope.

Any recent infections or illnesses?

No, I would say I've been in good health lately.

That's good to hear. Have you ever had a cough like this in the past?

Um, yeah, I guess when I was a kid, I had asthma, and I would get coughs like this once every few days, but I haven't had it like this in years.

Okay, did you receive any kind of treatment?

Yes, I saw a pulmonologist who prescribed me some steroids, but I was told I could stop taking them, so I did.

I see. Let me go ahead and perform a physical exam.